[Doc Improvement][Update manifest-schema-dev-preview.md] (#12552)
MicrosoftDocs/msteams-docs: msteams-platform/resources/schema/manifest-schema-dev-preview.md

|`needsChannelSelector`|Boolean|||Describes whether the bot utilizes a user hint to add the bot to a specific channel. <br>Default value: `false`|
|`isNotificationOnly`|Boolean|||Indicates whether a bot is a one-way, notification-only bot, as opposed to a conversational bot. <br>Default value: `false`|
|`supportsFiles`|Boolean|||Indicates whether the bot supports the ability to upload/download files in personal chat. <br>Default value: `false`|

> |`scopes`|Array of enum|4|✔️|Specifies whether the bot offers an experience in the context of a channel in a `team`, in a group chat (`groupChat`), or an experience scoped to an individual user alone (`personal`),(`copilot`). These options are nonexclusive.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`scopes`|Array of enum|4|✔️|Specifies whether the bot offers an experience in the context of a channel in a `team`, in a group chat (`groupChat`), or an experience scoped to an individual user alone (`personal`) and (`copilot`). These options are non-exclusive.|
```
